README.md, before:

1. Append to a linked list                                                    - insertLinkedList.go                - [x]
2. Insert a nth position to a linked list                                     - insertAtNthPositionLinkedList      - [x]
3. Get nth node of a linked list given the index - returns the data at index  - getNthNodeLinkedList.go            - [x]
4. Delete a node from linked list - passing the index                         - deleteWithIndexLinkedList.go       - [x]
5. Delete a node from linked list - passing the val                           - deleteWithValueLinkedList.go       - [x]
6. Find the length of the linked list - iteratively and recursively           - lengthLinkedList.go                - [x]
7. Prepend a node to a linked list                                            - prependLinkedList.go               - [x]
8. Find the middle of a given linked list                                     - getMiddleLinkedList.go             - [x]
9. Count the number of times a given int occurs in a linked list              - countOccurenceLinkedList.go
10. Reverse a linked list - recursive and iterative                           - reverseLinkedList.go               - [x]
11. How to add an element in the middle of the linked list?                   - addNodeToMiddleLinkedlist.go       - [x]
12. How to remove Nth Node from the end of a linked list?                     - deleteLastNodeLinkedlist.go        - [x]
13. How do you check if a given linked list contains a cycle?                 - checkIfCyclicLinkedlist.go         - [x]
14. How do you find the starting node of the cycle?                           - startingNodeOfaCycleLinkedlist.go
15. How do you find the third node from the end in a singly linked list?      - thirdNodeFromEndLinkedlist.go
16. How do you bubble sort a linked list?                                     - bubblesortLinkedList.go

# To do
3. How do you find the sum of two linked lists using Stack?
6. How to merge two sorted linked lists?
7. How to convert a sorted list to a binary search tree?
8. Given a linked list and a value x, partition it such that all nodes less than x come before nodes greater than or equal to x.
9. How to remove duplicates from a sorted linked list?
11. How to check if a given linked list is a palindrome?
12. How to remove all elements from a linked list of integers which match with given value?
13. How are duplicate nodes removed in an unsorted linked list?
14. How do you find the length of a singly linked list?

Commit message:

Added an algorithm to arrange a linked list based on a value with node values less than the value on the left side

README.md, after:

1. Append to a linked list                                                    - insertLinkedList.go                - [x]
2. Insert a nth position to a linked list                                     - insertAtNthPositionLinkedList      - [x]
3. Get nth node of a linked list given the index - returns the data at index  - getNthNodeLinkedList.go            - [x]
4. Delete a node from linked list - passing the index                         - deleteWithIndexLinkedList.go       - [x]
5. Delete a node from linked list - passing the val                           - deleteWithValueLinkedList.go       - [x]
6. Find the length of the linked list - iteratively and recursively           - lengthLinkedList.go                - [x]
7. Prepend a node to a linked list                                            - prependLinkedList.go               - [x]
8. Find the middle of a given linked list                                     - getMiddleLinkedList.go             - [x]
9. Count the number of times a given int occurs in a linked list              - countOccurenceLinkedList.go
10. Reverse a linked list - recursive and iterative                           - reverseLinkedList.go               - [x]
11. How to add an element in the middle of the linked list?                   - addNodeToMiddleLinkedlist.go       - [x]
12. How to remove Nth Node from the end of a linked list?                     - deleteLastNodeLinkedlist.go        - [x]
13. How do you check if a given linked list contains a cycle?                 - checkIfCyclicLinkedlist.go         - [x]
14. How do you find the starting node of the cycle?                           - startingNodeOfaCycleLinkedlist.go
15. How do you find the third node from the end in a singly linked list?      - thirdNodeFromEndLinkedlist.go
16. How do you bubble sort a linked list?                                     - bubblesortLinkedList.go
17. How to merge two sorted linked lists?                                     - mergeSortedLinkedList.go           - [x]
18. Given a linked list and a value x, partition it such that all nodes less  - arrangementLinkedList.go           - [x]
    than x come before nodes greater than or equal to x.

# To do
3. How do you find the sum of two linked lists using Stack?
7. How to convert a sorted list to a binary search tree?
8. Given a linked list and a value x, partition it such that all nodes less than x come before nodes greater than or equal to x.
9. How to remove duplicates from a sorted linked list?
11. How to check if a given linked list is a palindrome?
12. How to remove all elements from a linked list of integers which match with given value?
13. How are duplicate nodes removed in an unsorted linked list?
14. How do you find the length of a singly linked list?
